
Meta
AI glasses
Meta Quest
Apps and games
Explore Meta
Support
DE
Legal home
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Privacy Policy
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Privacy Policy
We've updated our Privacy Policy. The updates come into effect on 5 March 2026. Read the updated policy below. Read the previous policy.
Effective from 5 March 2026

This Supplemental Privacy Policy supplements the Meta Privacy Policy and applies to your and your child's use of a Meta account and access to Meta Platforms Technologies Products.

If you are a parent or guardian of a child between the ages of 10 and 12 (or 10 and 13 if you are in Spain) and wish to create a Meta account for your child, please review the Parent Privacy Disclosure and help your child to review the Privacy Guide for Children to understand how Meta collects, uses and shares children's information. After you've created a Meta account for your child, we will collect, use and disclose your child's information much like any other Meta account. This Supplemental Privacy Policy applies in full to both adults and children. To the extent that there are privacy practices specific to your child's Meta account, those differences are outlined in the Children's Privacy Highlights at the top of each relevant section of this Supplemental Privacy Policy. Note that the Meta Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of your child's information.

Meta offers a variety of hardware and software products and services related to or in connection with those products as part of Meta Platforms Technologies. The hardware, services, features, apps, technologies and software products described in the Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service, and subject to this policy, include Meta VR Products, Meta Wearable Products and other Meta Platforms Technologies Products listed and defined here, any of which may be updated from time to time (collectively, "MPT Products").

We encourage you to read our Meta Privacy Policy and this Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Privacy Policy ("Supplemental Privacy Policy") because we want you to understand what information we collect and how we use and share it.

In the Meta Privacy Policy, we describe the information that we process to support Meta Products. This Supplemental Privacy Policy adds to the Meta Privacy Policy by explaining the additional information that we process to support MPT Products and by providing more details about how we process that information. Below, you will find an overview of the ways in which we collect, use and share information.

Meta Accounts
I. What information do we collect for Meta accounts?

Children's Privacy Highlights

In addition to the information detailed in the Meta Privacy Policy under What information do we collect?, we collect the following information when you create a Meta account:

Name
Contact information
Password
Date of birth

II. How do we use your information for Meta accounts?

Children's Privacy Highlights
When you use your Meta account to access MPT Products, we process your information as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under How do we use your information? and as described below for each MPT Product.

If you choose to add your Meta account to the same Accounts Centre as your other Meta Product accounts, please see here for details on how we use and share your information across accounts.

III. How do we share information for Meta accounts?

When you use your Meta account to access MPT Products, we share information that we collect as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?", "How do we share information with partners, vendors, service providers and third parties?" and "How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?". We also use and share your information as described below with respect to each MPT Product.

If your Meta account is managed by an organisation (i.e. a "Managed Meta Account"), we share with that organisation certain information about your account to promote safety, integrity and security; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and in accordance with Meta's terms and policies, including the applicable Acceptable Use Policy. This may include information, such as the status of your account, the approximate location of your managed headset and information about applications that you install and how you use them.

Meta VR Products
I. What information do we collect for Meta VR Products?

Children's Privacy Highlights
In addition to the information described in the Meta Privacy Policy under What information do we collect?, we collect the following categories of information depending on your use of Meta VR Products:

Meta Horizon profile: If your use of a Meta VR Product requires you to create a Meta Horizon Profile, then we collect information related to your profile, including your:

Profile name
Profile picture
Username
Avatar
List of followers
Interactions with games and apps

We also collect information regarding when you are online and when you interact with a virtual reality app.

Physical characteristics and movements : We collect information about or related to:

The position and orientation of your headset and controllers to determine body pose and make your avatar's movements more realistic.

The position of your headset, the speed of your controller movement and changes in your orientation (such as when you duck while playing a game) to deliver an immersive and realistic virtual experience.

Your audio data, when your microphone preferences are enabled, to animate your avatar's lip and face movement.

Hand and body tracking: If you choose to enable the hand and body tracking feature in Meta VR Products, we process abstracted hand and body data to allow you to switch between hands and controllers to interact with your surroundings and have a more seamless or immersive experience. Hand and body tracking also helps make your avatar's movements look more realistic. Raw image data of your hands and body is processed on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with hand and body tracking (such as tracking quality and the amount of time that it takes to detect your hands and body) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Hand and Body Privacy Notice.

Eye tracking: If you choose to enable eye tracking in Meta Quest Pro, we process your abstracted gaze data to improve your image quality, help you interact with virtual content in an app and to animate your avatar's eye and facial movements. Raw image data of your eyes is processed on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with eye tracking (such as tracking quality and the amount of time that it takes to detect your eyes) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Eye Tracking Privacy Notice.

Natural facial expressions: If you choose to enable natural facial expressions in Meta Quest Pro, we process your abstracted facial expressions data to make your avatar's expressions look more natural. Raw image data of your face is processed on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with natural facial expressions (such as how much time it takes to detect expressions) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Natural Facial Expressions Privacy Notice.

Fit adjustment: If you choose to enable fit adjustment in Meta Quest Pro, we process abstracted fit adjustment data to check whether your headset is aligned optimally and provide headset adjustment tips. Raw image data of your eyes and lower face are stored on your device.

We also collect and retain certain data about your interactions with fit adjustment (such as whether a user completed the setup process or how long the setup process took) to provide the feature and ensure that it works properly. Learn more in our Fit Adjustment Privacy Notice.

Meta VR Product activity: We collect information about your Meta VR Product activity, such as your activity in virtual reality (including your use of Meta Quest devices and apps), including:

Payment credentials that you provide to us
The virtual reality events that you attend
The purchases that you make
Apps you download
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Meta VR Products. For example, we collect information about your Meta Quest browser usage, such as interactions with recommended WebVR experiences, which browser features you use and other statistics.

Content: We collect content that you create on our Meta VR Products, such as a picture that you post or an object that you build. We also collect information about this content, such as the date and time that you created it.

Gameplay and statistics: We collect information about your gameplay activity and statistics, such as:

How successfully you play a game
Actions in the game
Associated metadata created when you use Meta VR Products

Environmental information and dimensions: We collect information about your physical environment and its dimensions when you use a Meta VR Product. For example, we may collect information about the size of walls, surfaces and objects in your room and the distances between them and your headset to offer experiences that blend your virtual and real-world environments. Learn more.

Camera and audio information: When cameras and microphones are on in Meta VR Products, we collect:

Camera information, including photo and video. For example, the sensors on Meta Quest process raw images of your surroundings and enable the headset to both process your movement and help orient you in your designated virtual reality areas. Raw images of your surroundings are processed on your device.
When you choose to turn on your microphone in Worlds, we may collect recorded audio.
Video or audio content that you create and information about this content, such as the date and time that you created it.

Additionally, when you use Worlds, the last few minutes of your and other users' most recent audio, video and other interactions in Worlds are recorded in case you want to report anything that you've encountered. These recordings may be stored on our servers. We do not review these recordings unless you submit a report. If you don't submit a report, the recordings are deleted on a rolling basis. These recordings enable you to report abuse, combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community. Other users in close proximity to you in Worlds may submit recordings of the same event. If you submit a report, we'll use the attached recordings to investigate and fully resolve the report, and to help train our systems to better combat harmful behaviour, after which time, the recordings will be deleted. In some cases, we may need to retain the recordings for longer, where it is necessary in order to comply with applicable law.

Voice interactions: Voice interactions are the commands and dictations that you say, including if you mistakenly invoke our voice services, as well as any background sound that happens when you use those services. When you use our voice services, we process:

Audio recordings
Transcripts
Related data about your voice interactions, such as the hardware version of your device and the length of the audio related to your interaction

We process this information to respond to your request and provide the requested service to you. Learn more in our Voice Dictation Privacy Notice.

Please note that third-party services may offer their own app voice experiences. When you use those services, information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and privacy policies, not this policy. You can learn more about how we collect and use information from other features that you interact with on Meta Quest in our Privacy FAQ.

Device information: We collect technical system information about the devices that you use and information about how you use Meta VR Products, including:

Performance and device attributes
System logs and settings
Success or failure of specific functions
Third-party service usage
Crash reports

When a Meta VR Product experiences a crash, a log about the crash is sent to Meta. This log includes, among other things, the date and time of the crash, your user ID, device ID, IP address and small fragments of information from any camera and microphone in use at the time of the crash. These crash logs are only retained and used to diagnose and fix problems with Meta VR Products or other apps and services used on Meta VR Products.

You may choose to share additional data with Meta about how you use your device to help us personalise your experiences and improve Meta VR Products. Learn more.

Information from partners and third parties: When a third-party service is used on Meta VR Products, we collect information about the use of the service, including:

How often and for how long it is used
Crash log information when it crashes
An authorisation token if it requires a login

We also receive information about you from partners and third parties, including:

Third-party apps
Developers
Other online content providers
Marketing partners
Platforms not controlled by Meta on which you may access or use Meta VR Products without a Meta account or Horizon profile. If you are accessing a Meta VR Product on a platform not controlled by Meta, that platform's terms and policies also apply.

For example, in Meta Quest, we receive information from developers about your achievements in their app and about what features you can use in their app. To learn about how a third-party service processes or shares your information, please refer to their terms and privacy policies.

II. How do we use your information for Meta VR Products?

Children's Privacy Highlights



We use the information that we collect when you use Meta VR Products for the purposes described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we use your information", including: (i) to provide measurement, analytics and other promotional services (including ads and commercial content); (ii) to promote safety, security and integrity; (iii) to communicate with you; and (iv) to research and innovate for social good.

We also use the information that we collect when you use Meta VR Products in the following ways:

To power social features and personalise and promote content: We use your profile name, picture and information about your Meta VR Product activity (including your use of Meta Quest devices and apps):

To send personalised commercial content
To provide personalised content suggestions
To display ads, offers and sponsored content in Meta VR Products.

For example, depending on your privacy settings, we use information about your use of Meta Quest devices and apps to help you connect with your followers, or to encourage your followers to join you in using Meta VR Products:

To recommend products, content and experiences to others
To help tailor a user's experience by helping them understand which communities or content may be most relevant to them.

Depending on your privacy settings, we also use information from Meta VR Products to provide user-to-user communications and other social services across the Meta Products. This includes identifying and connecting you with your followers or people that you recently interacted with in an experience, through Meta VR Products. If your Meta account is a Managed Meta Account, those privacy settings may be set or changed by your organisation.

To provide and improve our Meta VR Products: We use information that we collect, including device performance and reliability data, to help improve and develop Meta VR Products. By analysing device performance and reliability, we can improve the hardware and software that powers your experiences with Meta VR Products. We also use your device performance and reliability information to offer and improve aspects of our services, such as voice services, hand and body tracking, eye tracking, natural facial expressions and fit adjustment.

If you use our voice services on your Meta VR Product, depending on your settings, we analyse and review your voice interactions using human review and machine processes to improve, troubleshoot and train our speech recognition systems.
When you use the hand and body tracking feature in Meta Quest devices, we collect technical information, such as tracking quality, the amount of time it takes to detect your hands and body, and the number of gestures you make to improve and troubleshoot this feature.
When you use the eye tracking feature in Meta Quest Pro, we collect certain data about your interactions with the feature, such as tracking quality and the amount of time that it takes to detect your eyes.
When you use the natural facial expressions feature in Meta Quest Pro, we collect certain data about your interactions with the feature, such as how the headset fit affects the quality of detected facial movements and how much time it takes to detect expressions.
When you use the fit adjustment feature in Meta Quest Pro, we collect and retain certain data about your interactions with the feature, such as whether the setup process has been completed and how long the setup process took.

III. How is your information shared with others for Meta VR Products?

Children's Privacy Highlights
In addition to the sharing of information described in the Meta Privacy Policy, we share the information that we collect when you use Meta VR Products in the following ways:

Information that you make public
Your Horizon Profile information will be public and visible to people on and off the Meta VR Products. This includes your profile name, username, picture and avatar.

For example, if you enter a public virtual space in Meta Quest, others can see your avatar just as they would see you in a real-world public space. This means that your avatar may appear in pictures, recordings or live streams that users around you take and share. Information that you post to public areas on the Meta VR Products, such as a forum, blog or other community tool, will also be visible to people on and off Meta VR Products, along with certain information associated with your public posts, such as the time of your post.

Third-party services and applications

You can interact with applications and third-party services, including content, games, apps and other experiences, through many Meta VR Products. If you use services from a third party, we share information about you with the third-party service so that it can provide you with the service that you've requested.

For example, we share your Horizon profile information with apps that you use so that you can appear as your Horizon Profile in those apps:

Avatar
Username
Profile name and picture
List of people that you follow and those who follow you so that you can interact with them in those apps
Your interactions with the app or third-party service, such as how long you've interacted with their content for
Any other information that you choose to share with the app or third-party service

If you use third-party services on Meta VR Products, the third-party services may collect information from you directly through the experiences that they provide.

However, you can also choose to share information with third-party services from Meta VR Products, for example:

If you enable eye tracking or natural facial expressions in Meta Quest Pro, apps can access your abstracted gaze data or abstracted facial expressions data. Please note that information you share with these (or other) third-party services will be subject to their own terms and policies, not this policy.
Depending on your ad preferences, third-party apps that are permitted to run ads may access your advertising ID – a unique device identifier used to show you more relevant ads. Learn more.

Information that you provide when playing online
When you use online multi-user apps in Meta Quest, your activity and other information that you provide are visible to all within the app, including:

Avatar
In-app profile information
In-app activity

This information (including your voice or audio) can be collected, copied, recorded and live-streamed by other users, shared on and off Meta VR Products, and submitted to us to report abuse, combat harmful conduct, and protect and support our community. Learn more. Please consider carefully who you interact with and how you conduct yourself, and make sure that your available privacy settings reflect your preferences.

Third-party access to voice interactions
Depending on your settings, we share recordings, transcripts and related data about your voice interactions with vendors and service providers who assist us in improving, troubleshooting and training our speech recognition systems.

If your Meta account is managed by an organisation (i.e. a "Managed Meta Account"), we also share with that organisation certain information about your account, to promote safety, integrity and security; to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and in accordance with Meta's terms and policies, including the applicable Acceptable Use Policy. This may include information such as the status of your account, the approximate location of your managed headset and information about applications you install and how you use them. Please review your organisation's policies or contact your organisation's administrator to learn more about the information shared with your organisation and the settings and access controls established by your organisation.

IV. What is our legal basis for processing data for Meta VR Products?

We collect, use and share the data that we have in the ways described above:

as necessary to fulfil the Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service and the Meta Terms of Service;
consistent with your consent, which you may revoke at any time;
as necessary to comply with our legal obligations;
to protect your vital interests, or those of others
as necessary in the public interest; and
as necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data.

Learn more about these legal bases and how they relate to the ways in which we process data.

Meta Wearable Products
Children's Privacy Highlights
If you communicate and share content from your Meta Wearable Products using other Meta Company Products, information relating to your use of the Meta Company Product will be subject to their applicable terms and policies.

I. What information do we collect for Meta Wearable Products?

In addition to the information described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "What information do we collect?", and in this Supplemental Privacy Policy under "What information do we collect for Meta Accounts?", we may process certain categories of information when you use a Meta Wearable Product. The specific data that we collect and how it is used depends on the Meta Wearable Product and how you use it. For more detailed information about each category, please refer to the sections below:

Photo, video and/or audio information: You can use the AI Glasses to take photos and video recordings with audio (together, "Media"). This Media will be stored on your AI Glasses until it's been uploaded to your App. We will collect your Media when you turn on cloud processing on your App, interact with the Meta AI service on your AI Glasses (such as when you ask the Meta AI service about what you see or submit Media to the Meta AI service) or upload your Media to certain services provided by Meta (i.e. Facebook or Instagram). You can change your choices about cloud processing of your Media at any time in Settings.

If available, you can use your AI Glasses to live-stream. Video and audio content from your live stream will be processed through the Meta Company Product that you live stream from (i.e. Facebook or Instagram). The video and audio content from your live stream (if available for your device) will not be stored on your AI Glasses after you've finished a live streaming session or in the Meta AI App. Your use of a Meta Company Product to live stream will be subject to the terms and policies of that Meta Company Product.

If available, you can use your AI Glasses to caption or translate live conversations into a different language. The audio recordings and the transcripts generated when you use the feature are processed on your AI Glasses and in the Meta AI App. The audio recordings will be deleted after you've finished using the feature.

Metadata. We collect metadata, such as the date and time that you created Media, whether it's a photo or a video recording, and technical information about your camera or other AI Glasses or Wrist Devices sensors related to content.

Location-related information: When you choose to share your mobile device's location with the Meta AI App by turning on the Location services via your mobile device setting, we collect location-related information that you allow us to receive. This includes things such as the location where you used your AI Glasses to take photos and video recordings for the geotagging feature, or when you use the find your device or navigation features. Location-related information includes your general location or precise location that you choose and control through your mobile device settings. You can change your preferences about collecting location-related information at any time in your mobile device settings.

If you choose to turn on and interact with the Meta AI service on your AI Glasses (if available for your device), the Meta AI service may process your information, including your Media, in connection with requests to understand what you are asking the Meta AI service about, which may include understanding your general location, to provide you with a more relevant and useful service.

Wrist Device Sensors: Wrist Devices include sensors to enable functionality, such as electromyography (EMG) sensors for processing electrical muscle signals (EMG signals). For more information about EMG signal processing for wrist-based input, see the Wrist Input Privacy Notice.

Device information: In addition to the information described in the Meta Privacy Policy under the "App, browser and device" section, we collect and use "Essential Data" about your AI Glasses and Wrist Devices when you use them. You can also choose to share "Additional Data" about your use of your AI Glasses and Wrist Devices as explained below. Essential and Additional Data can be associated with other information, such as your user ID, device ID and information about your device model and operating system.

Essential Data is information needed to ensure that the AI Glasses and Wrist Devices work as expected, meet user expectations and provide the service outlined in the Terms of Service. For example, we collect information to perform certain actions on the AI Glasses or Wrist Devices and to see whether they are working correctly, such as if the Bluetooth is functioning or the device sensors and your product interactions are working as intended. In addition, similar to other devices, if the AI Glasses or Wrist Devices crash or malfunction, a log is sent to Meta that includes information from the time of the crash event, such as the date and time of the crash and how you were using your devices immediately before the crash event. These crash logs are only retained and used to diagnose and fix problems with your devices. Essential Data is automatically shared with Meta.

Additional Data is information that we collect when you use AI Glasses and Wrist Devices that helps Meta improve and personalise your user experience and develop and improve Meta Products. Additional Data includes information such as analytics about AI Glasses and Wrist Devices usage to help us develop new features and products to provide a better user experience. Meta will use Additional Data for these purposes if you choose to share Additional Data with Meta during your initial setup, and you can change your choice at any time in Settings. Learn more about how you can control sharing Additional Data from your AI Glasses or Wrist Devices with Meta.

Third-party services and apps: When a third-party service is used on the Meta Wearable Products, such as a music player or third-party app, depending on how the service works, we may collect information such as: information collected by the third-party service and that you agree to share with Meta, how long you use it, crash log information if it crashes and an authorisation token if required for login. Third-party services may share information with us when their service is used on the Meta Wearable Products. To learn about how third-party services process your information, please refer to their terms and privacy policies.

Meta may provide you the ability to connect to third-party apps to provide you with health and fitness services on the Meta AI App and your Meta Wearable Products. If you choose to connect third-party apps, Meta may receive health and wellness information, fitness information, location information and other information that you choose to share from the third-party apps. Some of this information may be considered sensitive under applicable privacy and data protection laws. Learn more about use of these services, including the choices you have and how to link and unlink third-party apps to the Meta AI App.

II. How do we use your information for Meta Wearable Products?

In addition to the purposes described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we use your information?", including (i) to provide measurement, analytics and other promotional services (including ads and commercial content); (ii) to promote safety, security and integrity; (iii) to communicate with you; and (iv) to research and innovate for social good, we use information that we collect in the following ways:

Provide our services. This includes providing services and features of the AI Glasses and Wrist Devices, helping to make them and the Meta AI App work properly, and maintaining safety, security and integrity. For example, we collect information to see whether the Meta AI App and the devices are working correctly, such as whether the AI Glasses and Meta AI App are pairing properly, or the Wrist Device is being worn properly and the sensors are working as expected to provide the device features and experiences. We also collect information to make sure that it's you, such as when you sign in to the Meta AI App with your Meta account or perform certain actions on the AI Glasses and Meta AI App, such as send a message or start a call. If you choose to turn on cloud processing on your AI Glasses, your photos and videos will be sent from the Meta AI App to Meta servers to support additional photo and video features. If you choose to turn on the Meta AI service on your AI Glasses (if available for your device), depending on the type of request that you make (for example, if you ask the Meta AI service about something you see), your information, such as Media, text transcripts of your interactions with the Meta AI service and related data, will be used to provide the service.

Improve Meta Products. This includes the following uses:

We use Additional Data (subject to the choice you make) to improve and develop Meta Products, including tailoring your experience with your AI Glasses. For example, we use this information to create new products and features. Additional Data is used by Meta for these purposes only if you choose to opt in. You can choose to opt in for us to use Additional Data for product improvement purposes during your initial setup, and you can change your choice at any time in Settings. Learn more about how you can control information that you share with Meta.

If you submit a troubleshooting or bug report in relation to a Wrist Device, we will use the data that you have shared with the report to improve and develop Meta Products.

We use location data collected when you use navigation features for product improvement and debugging. This data isn't associated with your account.

III. How is your information shared with others for Meta Wearable Products?

We share information that we collect when you use Meta Wearable Products as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?" and "How do we share information with Partners, vendors, service providers and third parties?" and as described in the following sections of this Supplemental Privacy Policy. We may also access, preserve, use and share your information as described in the Meta Privacy Policy under "How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?".

If you choose to turn on the Meta AI service on your AI Glasses (if available for your device), we may share your information, such as your question to the Meta AI service, with third parties as described in Meta's AI Terms. You can view a list of these third parties and links to their privacy policies by visiting our Privacy Centre.

When you use a third-party service on the AI Glasses, such as a music player, we may share information with the third-party service to complete your requests, such as when you ask your AI Glasses to play a song or meditation. We may also share information related to how and when you use the third-party service, and an authorisation token if it requires a login.

We also exchange certain information with Luxottica Group S.p.A. ("Luxottica") about the AI Glasses that they manufacture and distribute. We exchange this information with Luxottica to fulfil our contractual obligations to Luxottica and to manage your customer service requests. For example, Luxottica shares with us your name, email address and information if you contact them about an issue that you are experiencing. Then, we share with Luxottica information to help resolve the issue, such as steps to resolve a problem with your Meta account. We also share with Luxottica information about these certain AI Glasses purchased through their own channels, such as when they are activated, and we exchange aggregated information and insights with Luxottica relating to marketing, usage, sales and post-sale activities. Luxottica does not collect any information directly from your use of any AI Glasses and/or the Meta AI App, such as your photos and/or videos. Any information that you provide to Luxottica in connection with your purchase of any AI Glasses is subject to Luxottica's terms and policies.

IV. How do we process information when you use our voice services for Meta Wearable Products?

This Section applies when voice controls or the Meta AI service (together "voice services") are available on the AI Glasses and you enable them. The voice services available to you depend on the version of your AI Glasses and your location.

When you use our voice services, we process information about your voice interactions to respond to your requests. Voice interactions are things that you say when using our voice services, including when voice services are invoked by mistake, as well as any background sound that can be heard once voice services have been enabled. Voice interactions include both things that you say when you use a wake word (for example, if your AI Glasses are playing music, and you say "Hey Meta, pause the music") and also when you don't use a wake-word for certain interactions (saying "pause music"). The information that we process for our voice services includes audio recordings and transcripts of your voice interactions, as well as data related to your voice interactions, such as the hardware version of your AI Glasses and how long your interaction took.

For users with voice controls enabled: Depending on your preferences in settings, we may also store and process information about your voice interactions to improve our voice controls and other Meta products. For example, this information can help our voice controls to better understand and respond more accurately to a wide range of speech patterns and phrases over time. You can manage voice storage to improve our voice controls and other Meta products in your settings. When voice storage and processing for product improvement is turned on, we use machine learning and trained reviewers to process information about your voice interactions to improve, troubleshoot and train our voice controls and other Meta products. We share that information with third-party vendors and service providers to improve our products. Even with voice recording storage off, you can still use voice controls. You can access and delete stored voice information in your settings.

For users with the Meta AI service enabled on AI Glasses (if available for your device): When you interact with the Meta AI service on AI Glasses, we process voice recordings of your voice to create text transcripts of what you say, as well as data related to your voice interactions, to respond to your requests. You can choose to store your voice recordings to help improve other Meta products. When storage is enabled, audio recordings are used to help Meta's products better understand and respond more accurately to a wide range of speech patterns and phrases over time. You can manage voice recording storage in your Settings. When voice recording storage for product improvement is turned on, we use machine learning and trained reviewers to process this data to improve, troubleshoot and train other Meta products. We share that information with third-party vendors and service providers to improve our products. Even with voice recording storage turned off, you can still use the Meta AI service. You can access and delete recordings in the Meta AI App.

You can learn more about our voice services, including further details about what information we collect when you use our voice services and your choices over how we process that information, in the AI Glasses Voice Privacy Notice and the Voice Services FAQ.

V. What is our legal basis for processing data for Meta Wearable Products?

We collect, use and share your data in the ways described above in accordance with the Meta Privacy Policy under "What is our legal basis for processing data?".

You can find out about the legal bases that we rely upon and how they relate to the ways in which we process your information here. In addition, note that when it comes to Meta Wearable Products:

We will process your data as necessary to fulfil the Supplemental Meta Platform Technologies Terms of Service and the Meta Terms of Service;

We specifically rely on our legitimate interests to:

collect and use Additional Data, in accordance with your choice. It is in our legitimate interest to use Additional Data in this manner to improve and personalise your experience with Meta Products;

process your audio recordings, transcripts and related data about your voice interactions to improve our voice services, in accordance with your choice. It is in our legitimate interest to use this information in this manner to improve our voice services;

process Wrist Sensor Data that you have shared with us as part of a troubleshooting or bug report to improve and develop Meta Products, in accordance with your choice. It is in our legitimate interest to use this information in this manner to improve our products;

process location data collected when you use navigation features to improve and develop Meta Products. It is our legitimate interest to use this information in this manner to improve services;

and to share information with Luxottica, and process information received from Luxottica, in order to resolve customer service requests, based on your requests. It is in our legitimate interest to share information in this manner to resolve customer requests.

We will process your health information that you choose to share from third-party apps, to provide you with health and fitness services on the Meta AI App and your Wearable Products, when you have given us your consent to do so.

Cookies and similar technologies
Children's Privacy Highlights
We receive information collected on MPT Products, including cookies, pixels, advertising IDs, local storage and similar technologies. Learn more about how we use these technologies on our websites and mobile apps in Meta's Privacy Policy, Meta's Cookie Policy and our Privacy FAQ.

How can you exercise your rights provided under applicable data protection law?
Children's Privacy Highlights
Under applicable privacy laws, you may have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your information, as well as object to or restrict certain processing of your information that we collect through MPT Products. You may also have the right to withhold or withdraw consent. As a parent or guardian of your child's Meta account, you can exercise these rights as well. If you wish to enquire about or exercise any of these rights, as applicable, please visit the Privacy Centre.
